# ShorelineSustain
A prototype social media app created for a Hackathon jointly hosted by West Chester University and CSTA Longwood in September of 2023. My team was tasked with creating a product that would educate users on the harms of ocean pollution and motivate them to do something to help fix it. As a result we created ShorelineSustain, an app that aims to promote its users to visit beaches around the country and take photos and data.
The app contains a homepage where users can search for a person/location, view friend's posts, and navigate to NOAA’s website. This website contains information on ten ways we can help to protect the ocean.
Next is the profile page. Here, the user's username, bio, follower and post count, rank, and posts are displayed. Our slogan is "Verify the data, not the people" as there will be no verified users because we believed this would lead to users using the app for the wrong reasons. We wanted to emphasize collecting good data, not gaining social media status. 
There is another section of the app called MyBeaches which is where local beaches will be listed in a google maps type manner. If you click on a beach you will be able to see more information about it.
Additionally, there is a leaderboard page that shows which users are ranked the highest. Rank is a calculated based on verified data and uploaded posts, where the lower number the higher the user's rank. As an incentive there would be Weekly, Monthly, and Yearly contests with the winners receiving ShorelineSustain merchandise clothing item, a free trip to a local aquarium, or a free trip to Monterey Bay Aquarium, California respectively. 
A camera is also included for taking and uploading photos of the beaches visited. It has standard camera functions such as flash and timer photos. This is also where users would document findings such as amount of pollution, wildlife seen, weather.
